# lab1-distro

This lab created a user-friendly webpage for people to explore the galleries and objects within the Harvard Art Museums. In this lab, my partner Sophie Sun and I created three files: index.html, script.js, and styles.css.

In index.html, we first used our CSS stylesheet to customize the webpage, and then used Bootstrap to introduce more complex styling options. Throughout the index.html file, we used classes and ids to refer to our script.js, style.css, and Bootstrap files/links. One of the first functionalities (and feature!) that we introduced was a filter: the user can choose to view the list of galleries by floor from a dropdown list of the four floors. If the user doesn't select a filter for the floor number, the user will see a list of all of the galleries. Next,upon clicking on a gallery, the user is shown a table of the title, image, people, and link of all of the objects within the selected gallery. This section also has a "Go Back" button in which upon selecting it, the user is directed back to the list of all of the galleries. However, if instead, the user selects an object, he or she is shown another table with the object's title, description, provenance, accession year, and image. Again, the user has the option to "Go Back" in which upon selecting it, the user is directed back to the list of all of the galleries.

In script.js, we first create many constant variables to refer to ids indicated within the index.html file. First, we create a function load, which shows the list of galleries upon accessing the index.html page. In order to show the list of galleries, we declare a function called showGalleries, which takes in a url and from there,finds where the index.html file has referred to the "galleries" id, and then adds each gallery's id number, name, and floor as a list item with a forEach loop (and it appends another gallery with data.info.next). This list item is also an a href, which appends the gallery's id to the end of the url upon selecting the list item. All of this is displayed due to the block option of the constant variable's style display. 

The user can also select to filter the list of galleries by floor, which is done through the showGalleryFloor function. This takes in the url as a parameter and from there, creates two variables, e, which takes the floor of whatever the user selected from the index.html page, and floor, which changes the user's floor selection into a value that we use in this function. From here, based on what the user selects, the forEach loop shows the user either a list of all of the galleries or a list of the galleries on the floor in which the user has selected. The clearHtml function simply changes the url to be index.html 


Upon selecting one of the galleries, the showObjectsTable function is called. This function takes in an id and from there, it takes the id (which is the gallery's id), fetches the url that takes in the gallery's id as a parameter, and puts each object's number, image, people (which uses map in order to show each object’s author in the object table), and link within that gallery in a table with a similar forEach loop (and again, appends another object with data.info.next). The name of each object is an a href, which appends the object's number to the end of the url upon selecting that object. Again, all of this is displayed due to the block option of the constant variable's style display. In addition, this page has a "Go Back" button, which sets the href of the window's location back to the index.html page, which shows the user the list of galleries. However, instead of selecting this button but if instead, the user selects an object, the showObjectInfo function is called. This function takes in an id and from there, fetches the url that takes in the object number as a parameter and displays the object's title, description, provenance, accession year, and image in a table. Again, this is displayed due to the block option of the objectview style display. In addition, this page has a "Go Back" button, which sets the href of the window's location back to the index.html page, which shows the user the list of galleries.

In styles.css, we've created styling options for classes, tags, and ids. The title class centers the text, largens the font size, makes the font uppercase, adds a shadow and oblique style, and makes the color maroon. The button class makes the button green with white text. The h2, a, label, li, table, th, td, and img tags styles each of those tags by changing the font size/color, indenting, adding margins/padding, creating a border, changing image sizes, etc. Lastly, the all-galleries and all-objects ids specify the styling of when we have specified those ids by chancing their font sizes, line-heights, and display.